well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
two questions that I've gotten from
opposite ends of the political spectrum
but they're the same question at the end
of the day boils down to why why is this
happening we know that it is happening
but why is it happening before we start
quick recap we've talked about it in
depth on this channel before but for
those who missed it in the u.s. our
normal spectrum of political debate is
so far to the right that even those who
we call left in the u.s. the Democrats
are center-right anywhere else in the
world we're that far to the right in the
u.s. we don't have a lot of real
leftists in politics today it's a gross
oversimplification but for the purposes
and context of today you can define
leftism as rejecting capitalism that's
where it starts that's where the line is
between left and right so we now have
large numbers of people who are willing
to do that in the US and specifically we
have a lot of black folk who are now
leftists okay now a white leftists sent
me a message it was like you know I've
met more black leftists in the last six
months than I have in my entire life
what is going on now to him this is
exciting news you know but he doesn't
know why it's happening right wing
question why are all of them becoming
Marxist communist Leninist socialists
whatever is that they want to assign to
them and by them of course black
Americans so now they're doubly scary
not just are they black they're this
scary left-wing ideology that he doesn't
understand but again it's why
first thing I want to point out is that
black leftism has a long history in this
country a lot of the movements that get
associated with black America as far as
the civil rights period they were
leftists but why is it happening now why
is there this surge you have to ask them
to get a solid answer but outside
observer here right wing talking points
about race the right wing trolls that
talk about race that's what has greatly
contributed to that move to move them
left past Democrats into actual leftist
territory think about it let's say white
privilege what is the number one
response from a white person who wants
to turn down the volume on that message
you know I work 40 hours a week and I'm
still dirt floor poor proof white
privilege doesn't exist checkmate the
black person that hears this does not
suddenly go WOW white dudes poor I must
have imagined everything I've ever
experienced in my entire life that they
have a different realization they think
more along the lines of so you work 40
hours a week you're still dirt floor
poor and you're okay with that so we
have a race issue and a class issue in
the United States so then they start
looking for egalitarian philosophies
which move them left no gender race or
class that's how a lot of them end up
there they're already looking for deep
systemic change to address issues that
impact them daily you know when you're
talking about well we had to change law
enforcement the entire criminal justice
system the way we vote banking all of
this stuff that negatively impacts us
changing the economic system
isn't really a lot to add you know in
the grand scheme of things it is what it
is at the end of the day you're seeing
more black leftists because they hear
stuff like that
and they're willing to do the fighting
for white folk
I guess they believe all lives matter I
think that's where it's coming from and
then the surge in white leftist and all
of these other groups
I actually think hasn't had to do with
the same thing the talking points on
health care well you should just work
more
I was working forty hours a week I got
sick now I can't afford my insulin well
you know you just need to work more ties
to the economic system so they reject
capitalism they move left
environmentalist the person who just
wanted you to recycle well no we need
that save the economy that's why we have
to do this it's why we need to do all
this environmental degradation well if
it's the earth or capitalism that has to
go capitalism that's the one that has to
go for them and they move left this is
especially true about the form of
capitalism we have in the United States
you know people want black Americans to
turn to capitalism to lift them out of
poverty why would they do that when
every example that they're given from
white Americans proves that capitalism
hasn't done anything for them anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day